# greenwood-library-website
I started off by creating a repository on Github and named it "greenwood-library-website". I initialised it with a README file and used the https link to clone it to my local machine.

Using VSCode I created 8 files, home.html, home.css, events.html, events.css, contact_us.html, contactus.css, about_us.html and aboutus.css and I added the relevant code and information into those files and linked all of them together to make a basic static website. I then staged all the files, commited them with a relevant message and pushed them to the master branch.

I then created an "add-book-review" branch, so that its seperate from the main "production" branch, if anything goes wrong with this development it wouldn't have an effect on the production version. In that branch I created a new web page called "book-reviews.html" and a css file "bookreviews.css". I updated rest of the webpages to include reference to the new webpage. I then staged all the files, commited them with a relevant message and pushed them to the "add-book-review" branch. Then I "checkout" to the main branch and merged it with the "add-book-review" branch and pushed it to the main branch to update the main branch with all the new changes.

Lastlt I created an "update-events" branch, so that its seperate from the main "production" branch, if anything goes wrong with this development it wouldn't have an effect on the production version. In that branch I made changed in the "events.html" webpage and updated it to include new changes. I then staged all the files, commited them with a relevant message and pushed them to the "update-events" branch. Then I "checkout" to the main branch and merged it with the "update-events" branch and pushed it to the main branch to update the main branch with all the new changes.